[devtools] Add CSS <angle> guide (#9110)
google/WebFundamentals: src/content/en/tools/chrome-devtools/css/reference.md

       </figcaption>
     </figure>

### Change angle value with the Angle Clock {: #angle-clock }

> The **Angle Clock** provides a GUI for changing `angle` declarations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Angle Clock** provides a GUI for changing `<angle>`s in CSS property values.
```
